First, I provided ChatGPT the screenshot of the page and the html and simply instructed it to update it using css to make it look the same visually. However, after a few unsuccessful attempts, I decided to start slow by doing the same thing but only instructing it to change the background color. I took a screenshot of just the color and provided it. This resulted in an attempt by ChatGPT to complete the whole thing at once. I then decided to find the fonts and update the colors throughout the website by taking a screenshot, inputting it, and adjusting the html myself. Then, I noticed the several different font sizes and types and made the 6 headings with css. After fixing this, I prompted ChatGPT to make the boxes, followed by small tweaks such as adding the small lines after headers, spacing, and italicizing/bolding certain text.

The rest of the process was several inputs asking for how to tweak things and either accepting ChatGPT's version or taking inspiration, adjusting the code myself, and re-entering my changes into the ChatGPT canvas. Towards the end, I started asking ChatGPT how to do things instead of prompting it to actually make the changes, which I ended up finding more helpful.

One of my main challenges was figuring out the spacing. I was very nitpicky with the gaps and ended up doing trial and error on my own anc checking the page rather than asking ChatGPT. It was also difficult to get the colors right, and I ended up checking the HTML colors and picking which looked the most similar rather than my original method of inputting the image into ChatGPT to provide a code. I was also unable to highlight a space before mantle.